src/pages/Todos.md, before:

# ToDoList - Guess the Number Game

A basic todo list built to demonstrate a frontend app (only client)

with the following features:

- show the result for if the guess is too high/low/correct

## TODO

- [x] ⌨️ Get user value from input and save it to variable numberGuess
- [x] ➡️ Generate a random number 1 to 100 and save it to variable correctNumber
- [x] 🗃 Console whether the guess is too high/low or is correct inside playGame
- [x] 🔍 Create a function called displayResult to move the logic for if else
- [x] 🙈 Complete the showYouWon, showNumAbove, showNumBelow functions
- [x] 🙈 Use the ShowYouWon function within displayResults to display the correct dialogue
- [x] ⌨️ Save the guess history in a variable called guess
- [ ] 🗃 Display the guess history using displayHistory() function
- [ ] 🔍 Use the initGame() function to restart the game


## What's next?

- Add time & date to item
- Add deadline to item
- Search for item(s)
- User Sign up/Login
- User Profiles
  - Only show items from given user

Commit message:

alert onclick if there is no value in input

src/pages/Todos.md, after:

# ToDoList - Guess the Number Game

A basic todo list built to demonstrate a frontend app (only client)

with the following features:

- show the result for if the guess is too high/low/correct

## TODO

- [x] ⌨️ Get user value from input and save it to variable numberGuess
- [x] ➡️ Generate a random number 1 to 100 and save it to variable correctNumber
- [x] 🗃 Console whether the guess is too high/low or is correct inside playGame
- [x] 🔍 Create a function called displayResult to move the logic for if else
- [x] 🙈 Complete the showYouWon, showNumAbove, showNumBelow functions
- [x] 🙈 Use the ShowYouWon function within displayResults to display the correct dialogue
- [x] ⌨️ Save the guess history in a variable called guess
- [x] 🗃 Display the guess history using displayHistory() function
- [x] 🗃 onclick Alert message if there is no value in the input
- [ ] 🔍 Use the initGame() function to restart the game


## What's next?

- Add time & date to item
- Add deadline to item
- Search for item(s)
- User Sign up/Login
- User Profiles
  - Only show items from given user
